hello to all today i'm going to you
learn to burn a dvd without
as well go through a program of
style the titanium toast
we will burn a dvd with the window of
finder then there are two ways of
proceed
the first is the next we go in
cd dvd system preferences is here in
the small tab at the insertion of a cd
blank we'll tell him to open the finder
same for the insertion of a DVD
virgin
we tell him to open the finder that's it
depends on what you introduce in
the drive writer of your mac intosh
here is the result is simple enough
to insert in your burner a cd
blank or a virgin dvd me it will be a
cd and he'll appear on the desktop here
in a moment
and so that's the first way to
so work on inserting a cd
or a dvd one asks him to do
appear on the desktop the blank cd
and so if you double click and you
go see a finder window
appear the second way and well
it's just to pass
directly in the finder and there you
have the opportunity to create a new
aggravated file that is greyed out by that
there for now
I use the burning feature
already then so he will not show it to me
but know that this is the second
opportunity to operate I open a
another Finder window is over there I
prepare some small photos
aggravated that I simply slip
see it's very simple and once
it's done you press the button
serious and it's a breeze
so this is where you have rename your
your project
this is then low to givet a game
serious
see these parts there is for one
minute or two since what I have him
given a serious and not very heavy
there he goes through all the stages
ie writing preparation
then the finalization you will see
just after
and as in an engraving program
traditional and well he'll check if
the disc is functional
alas almost finished you see it's going
super fast
once that will be done well he's going
mount the cd or dvd on your desktop
you're going to see it coming
this is done it remains only to
check by double-clicking and you
see that all the photos appear
everything is fine there everything went well
past I wish you a very good
day
Thank you for your attention